src/it/central-deploy-megabundle/README.md, before:

<!---
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->
# maven-central-publishing-example

This is a multimodule example showing deployment to maven central 
using the new central publishing rest api.

The maven-deploy-plugin used is a [modified fork](https://github.com/perNyfelt/maven-deploy-plugin/tree/add_central_support) of the apache maven deploy plugin.

The project consist of 
- an aggregator
- a common sub module
- two sub modules that each depends on the common submodule

Each module (including the main aggregator) will be deployed separately.
I.e. when deploying the whole project, 4 zip files will be created and uploaded to central:
1. The aggregator pom (+ asc, md5 and sha1 files)
2. common, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files)
3. subA, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files)  
4. subB, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files)

Commit message:

fix documentation. add rainy day test for DeployMojo.

src/it/central-deploy-megabundle/README.md, after:

<!---
 Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
 contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
 this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
 The ASF licenses this file to You under the Apache License, Version 2.0
 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
 the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->
# central-deploy-megabundle

This is a multimodule example showing deployment to maven central 
using the new central publishing rest api.

The project consist of 
- an aggregator
- a common sub module
- two sub modules that each depends on the common submodule

All modules (including the main aggregator) will be deployed together.
I.e. when deploying the whole project, 1 zip file will be created and uploaded to central:
This 1 zip will contain:
1. The aggregator pom (+ asc, md5 and sha1 files)
2. common, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files)
3. subA, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files)
4. subB, contains the pom, jar, javadoc and sources (all signed and with md5 and sha1 files) 

## Running only this test
```shell
mvn -Prun-its verify -Dinvoker.test=central-deploy-megabundle
```

## Running the test manually
```shell
# copy resources
mvn -Prun-its verify -Dinvoker.test=central-deploy-megabundle
cd target/it/central-deploy-bundles
CLASSPATH=$(find "$MAVEN_HOME/lib" -name "*.jar" | tr '\n' ':' | sed 's/:$//')
CLASSPATH=$CLASSPATH:$(./addDependencies.groovy)
groovy -cp $CLASSPATH -Dbasedir=$PWD setup.groovy &
mvn --settings ../../../src/it/settings.xml deploy
groovy -cp $CLASSPATH -Dbasedir=$PWD verify.groovy
```
